[doc] Update minimal Java version for building PMD in documentation (#6708)
pmd/pmd: docs/pages/pmd/devdocs/building/building_eclipse.md

Now all PMD projects are imported. This might take a while. All the projects will appear on the left inside
the `Project Explorer`.

While PMD still runs with Java {{ site.pmd.jre_version }}, we need at least Java {{ site.pmd.jdk_version }} for building and running unit tests.

> To make sure, Eclipse uses Java {{ site.pmd.jdk_version }} instead of Java {{ site.pmd.jre_version }}, go to Window > Preferences and select

Reviewer: What's the 8 doing here? Is this really the java version required to run PMD? Sounds to me more like a default of Eclipse? (Haven't used Eclipse in ages, I might be wrong)

Author: The `JavaSE-1.8` on the next line seems fishy indeed -- should be 21, but also not sure about the "SE" bit (or any of the UI references, I haven't used Eclipse in ages as well).

Reviewer: The "SE" is probably "Standard Edition" (as opposed to "EE" - Enterprise Edition). Is that just what was installed on the computer of whoever-wrote-this?

Java > Installed JREs. Make sure, you have a Java {{ site.pmd.java_build_version }} or newer available. Then go to "Execution Environments",

> choose "JavaSE-1.8" and check your Java {{ site.pmd.java_build_version }} installation on the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While PMD still runs with Java {{ site.pmd.java_run_version }}, we need at least Java {{ site.pmd.java_build_version }} for building and running unit tests.
To make sure, Eclipse uses Java {{ site.pmd.java_build_version }}, go to Window > Preferences and select
Java > Installed JREs. Make sure, you have a Java {{ site.pmd.java_build_version }} or newer available. Then go to "Execution Environments",
choose "JavaSE-{{ site.java_build_version }}" and check your Java {{ site.pmd.java_build_version }} installation on the right.
```

Reviewer: OK, I installed Eclipse just for this. "Execution Environments" shows a filtered list of all installed Javas, so "JavaSE-21" is the correct filter.
